# Readings: Web Scraping 

## How to Web Scrape with Python in 4 Minutes:

  - __Web scraping__ is a technique to automatically access and extract large amounts of information from a website, which can save a huge amount of time and effort.
  - Important notes about web scraping:
    - 1 - Read through the website’s Terms and Conditions to understand how you can legally use the data. Most sites prohibit you from using the data for commercial purposes.
    - 2 - Make sure you are not downloading data at too rapid a rate because this may break the website. You may potentially be blocked from the site as well.
---
## Web scraping:
  - Web scraping, web harvesting, or web data extraction is data scraping used for extracting data from websites.
  - Web scraping software may access the World Wide Web directly using the Hypertext Transfer Protocol, or through a web browser.
  -  While web scraping can be done manually by a software user, the term typically refers to automated processes implemented using a bot or web crawler.
  - It is a form of copying, in which specific data is gathered and copied from the web, typically into a central local database or spreadsheet, for later retrieval or analysis.
  - Web scraping a web page involves fetching it and extracting from it.
  - There are methods that some websites use to prevent web scraping, such as detecting and disallowing bots from crawling (viewing) their pages.
  - there are web scraping systems that rely on using techniques in DOM parsing, computer vision and natural language processing to simulate human browsing to enable gathering web page content for offline parsing.
  - Web scraping is the process of automatically mining data or collecting information from the World Wide Web.
  - __Techniques__:
    - 1 -  __Human copy-and-paste__: The simplest form of web scraping is manually copying and pasting data from a web page into a text file or spreadsheet.
    - 2 -  __Text pattern matching__: A simple yet powerful approach to extract information from web pages can be based on the UNIX grep command or regular expression-matching facilities of programming languages.
    - 3 -  __HTTP programming__: Static and dynamic web pages can be retrieved by posting HTTP requests to the remote web server using socket programming.
    - 4 -  __HTML parsing__:
    - 5 -  __DOM parsing__:By embedding a full-fledged web browser, such as the Internet Explorer or the Mozilla browser control, programs can retrieve the dynamic content generated by client-side scripts.
    - 6 -  __Vertical aggregation__:
    - 7 -  __Semantic annotation recognizing__:  this technique can be viewed as a special case of DOM parsing. In another case, the annotations, organized into a semantic layer,[3] are stored and managed separately from the web pages, so the scrapers can retrieve data schema and instructions from this layer before scraping the pages.
    - 8 -  __Computer vision web-page analysis__: There are efforts using machine learning and computer vision that attempt to identify and extract information from web pages by interpreting pages visually as a human being might.

    